20943 | Update content for "201 Created" (#21053)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/201/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`201 Created`** success status response code indicates that the request has
> succeeded and has led to the creation of a resource. The new resource or a description
> and link to the new resource(s) is effectively created before the response is sent back
> and the newly created items are returned in the body of the message, located at either
> the URL of the request, or the content of the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP **`201 Created`** success status response code indicates that the request has
succeeded and has led to the creation of a resource. The new resource, or a description
and link to the new resource, is effectively created before the response is sent back
and the newly created items are returned in the body of the message, located at either
the URL of the request, or at the URL in the value of the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header.
```
